Update export-datadog.md with new tags (#3969)
astronomer/docs: astro/export-datadog.md

    - **Key**: `ASTRO_DATADOG_TASK_LOGS_TAGS`
    - **Value**: `<tag-key-1>:<tag-value-1>,<tag-key-2>:<tag-value-2>`

>   By default, Astro uses the tags `source=astronomer` and `service=astronomer-task-logs`. Astro automatically adds dag_id, task_id, run_id, and try_number tags to logs sent to Datadog. The minimum runtime versions with this feature are 9.15.0, 10.9.0, and 11.5.0. To use this feature with a different runtime version, upgrade `astronomer-providers-logging` to at least `1.5.1` in the requirements.txt file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, Astro uses the tags `source=astronomer` and `service=astronomer-task-logs`. Astro automatically adds `dag_id`, `task_id`, `run_id`, and `try_number` tags to logs sent to Datadog.
  
  The minimum Astro Runtime versions to add specific tags to logs are 9.15.0, 10.9.0, and 11.5.0. To export logs to Datadog with a different Runtime version, upgrade `astronomer-providers-logging` to at least `1.5.1` in the `requirements.txt` file.
```

Reviewer: We also need to add to the prerequisites (I can't add directly to the PR):

- To export logs with specific tags, the minimum Astro Runtime versions is 9.15.0, 10.9.0, or 11.5.0 for all cloud providers.

    - **Key**: `ASTRO_DATADOG_TASK_LOGS_TAGS`
    - **Value**: `<tag-key-1>:<tag-value-1>,<tag-key-2>:<tag-value-2>`

  By default, Astro uses the tags `source=astronomer` and `service=astronomer-task-logs`. Astro automatically adds `dag_id`, `task_id`, `run_id`, and `try_number` tags to logs sent to Datadog.
  

>   The minimum Astro Runtime versions in which logs are enriched with task instance data are 9.15.0, 10.9.0, and 11.5.0 across all cloud providers. To export logs to Datadog with a different Astro Runtime version, upgrade `astronomer-providers-logging` to at least `1.5.1` in the `requirements.txt` file.

Reviewer: > To export logs to Datadog with a different Astro Runtime version, ...

Do you mean `to export logs **with the enriched task instance data** with a **lower** Astro runtime version, upgrade...`? The `different Astro Runtime version` is a little ambiguous.
